Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy	  The Berkeley Organization for Animal Advocacy (BOAA) is a student activist group dedicated to the liberation of all animals. BOAA firmly opposes the exploitative, gendered, and harsh treatment of animals for any reason. The ills of factory farming are not only felt by non-human animals, but also by the environment, people of color, low-income communities, and the health and culture of our society. We aim to achieve revolution social and political change for animals, whether it be through political outreach, non-violent demonstrations, or simply having conversations with other students. We&rsquo;re a tight knit community that participates in animal rights outreach on campus &amp; partners with local animal rights groups to achieve revolutionary social and political change for animals.    Come join our community for the Fall 2019 semester where we have weekly meetings in the Animal Rights Center on Friday&rsquo;s from 5-6pm!  
Organization of African Students at Berkeley	 The Organization of African Students at UC Berkeley is a space to learn, share and engage on the opportunities and challenges of African continent and its diaspora.  We are committed to:   Strengthening relationships among students of African descent and facilitating their academic and professional excellence    Maintaining a platform of pertinent discussions about the pressing issues of the African continent, and brainstorming on innovative solutions to address them    Supporting students of African descent planning to attend the University of California, Berkeley    Challenging the stereotypes about Africa and celebrating the richness and cultural diversity of the African continent on the Berkeley campus     We are ASUC Sponsored per SB 121 since 10-31-12. 
Exposure-Organization of Student Photographers	  We offer free workshops in search of providing more chances to students and beyond to teach them how to use DSLRs, how to take great photos, how to film, how to do post editing and production, and how to do simple signatory design. We also help other clubs and organizations to take creative and professional photos of/for officers and/or members, and make promotional videos and probably dynamic animations of their logos. Besides, we provides services to on-campus musicians to produce Music Videos for their original songs, and possibly album covers. We would like and love to help expand, grow, and strengthen the Community of Photographers at Cal and beyond. Workshops will be held twice or three times a month. No clear restriction on becoming a general member. A Brief application will be needed in order to become a committee member. More info, such as election process and structure of management, will be discussed in the Constitution. We are a group of six, all of which are strongly passionate about mutually learning and helping with/from other student photographers. We aim to become the largest and most popular photography organization at CAL.  
Organization of Jewish Graduate Students	"ull,""summary"":""We are  dedicated to enhancing the cultural and social life of graduate students at the University by providing the opportunity to connect with other graduate students while exploring and engaging in Jewish cultural and religious practices."
International Students Association at Berkeley	  ISAB is the largest international students association on the UC Berkeley campus. It was established in 2009 and has been nominated as an outstanding student organization in 2010-2017.    ISAB aims to create a positive intellectual and social atmosphere for international students, stimulate cultural awareness among all students in Berkeley, and strengthen Berkeley&rsquo;s multicultural community.  We work closely with other student organizations to generate cultural awareness and strengthen multicultural ties. We also collaborate with the Berkeley International Office to create enriching and engaging events for the international community. 
Entomology Students' Organization	 The Entomology Students Organization (ESO) is hosted by the Department of Environmental Science Policy and Management, but represents approximately 30 graduate students from various departments, all with an interest in insects. ESO provides peer-academic support for the entomology community through hosting workshops and events. We hold monthly meetings on topics ranging from macro-photography, presentation and grant writing advice, insect education, as well as coordinating field trips and participating in public events such as Cal Day and Darwin Day. In addition, we co-host the Essig Brunch weekly seminar series, along with the  Essig Museum of Entomology.  
BerKast	"ull,""summary"":""BerKast works to increase the awareness and knowledge of Korean politics, history, and current issues to UC Berkeley community through media broadcasting."
Undergraduate Marketing Association	 The Undergraduate Marketing Association at the University of California, Berkeley is an organization dedicated to providing a bridge between students and the marketing and consulting world. We provide various opportunities in the marketing field and help our members reach both academic and professional goals. Our members are immersed in hands-on experience in strategy, design, and event consulting. In addition, our members are able to interact and network with professionals through our external speaker series, developing their knowledge in marketing and consulting.  UMA is unique because our members consult and work with companies and organizations through a variety of semester-long projects. UMA is divided into three committees &ndash; Strategy Consulting, Design Consulting, and Events Consulting. Each committee consists of six to ten members, led by two experienced Project Managers. 
Department of Integrative Biology Students	 Despite the numerous biology student organizations on campus, there is no available forum for Integrative Biology students. Our organization hopes to strengthened the unity between students and professors within the large department as well as highlight the courses and opportunities offered from Integrative Biology department. However, even though this organization centers around the Integrative Biology major, it is opened to students of all majors with an interest in biology.  Moreover, other biology organizations focus on a specific aspect of biology, but the Department of Integrative Biology Students wants to educate and unite students who are interested in a holistic study of biology. Certain topics such as evolution, ecology, animal science, and much more are often not discussed by other existing biology clubs, but this organization will focus on highlighting these topics as well as topics in biology regarding human and health sciences, thereby creating and sharing an integrated approach to the field of biology. 
College Entrepreneur Organization at Berkeley	 The College Entrepreneur Organization seeks to foster a stronger entrepreneurial network on the UC Berkeley campus providing exposure, support groups and networking events to members and anyone interested in entrepreneurship. At CEOB we believe the entrepreneurial lies at the heart of innovation. All are welcome to join. 
Middle Eastern North African Recruitment and Retention Center	 MENA-RRC is an academic resource on campus that supportsstudent self-identifying as apart of theMiddle Eastern community. Our organization focuses on helping those pursuing a higher education through community socials via recruitment and retention.  MENARRC, formerly the Arab Recruitment and Retention Center (ARRC) changed the organization name as a way to make it known that our organization is inclusive of ALL Middle Eastern and North African identifying students. 
Berkeley College Republicans	 The Berkeley College Republicans is one of the largest and most active student run organizations at UC Berkeley and is the largest College Republican organization in the state of California. BCR offers right-minded Berkeley students the opportunity to gather behind enemy lines for a truly open discussion of the issues. 
AAVP Grants	 Fall 2019 AAVP Grant applications will go live on 09/30/2019 at 10 AM and will stay open till 11/15/2019 at 11:59 PM.  Feel free to email us at aavpgrants@asuc.org if you have any questions or concerns regarding AAVP Grants.    **Please do NOT request to join the organization.  If you are interested in joining the AAVP office, there will be applications at the start of the Spring semester. For specific fund questions, please email the appropriate grant director listed on each fund's profile page.     AAVP Grants Fall 2019       Academic Opportunity Fund(AOF):   The Academic Opportunity Fund awards grants for academic travel that enhances student access to valuable educational experiences beyond the classroom. The program provides opportunities for individuals and student groups to represent and further UC Berkeley's academic prestige and dedication to education. While most ASUC funding is restricted to on-campus activities, the  Academic Opportunity Fund subsidizes off-campus academic pursuits, such as professional meetings, research conferences, academic competitions, and independent research.   Please visit https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/aavpgacademicopportunityfund or email  aof@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for AOF.     Underserved Student Equity Fund (USEF):   TheUnderserved Student Equity Fundwill serve to make ASUC sponsored events accessible to both students with disabilities, by providing funding for accommodations, as well as transfer students, re-entry students, student parents, undocumented students, former foster youth and independent students, student veterans, and educational opportunity program students, by assisting programs which increase academic opportunities and provide necessary support services.  Please visit  https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/USEF or email  usef@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for USEF.     Arts and Creativity Fund (ACF):   The Arts and Creativity Fund provides financial assistance to students and student groups that seek to enhance the exposure of visual, performing, and creative art endeavors on campus. The objective of the program is to foster greater creativity through arts on campus. Funding is allocated to students or groups that organize and widely advertise artistic events. Please visit   https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/aavpgrantsartsandcreativityfund or email  acf@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for ACF.     Intellectual Community Fund (ICF) :  The Intellectual Community Fund provides monetary support to collaborative events planned by and for Cal students. The objective of ICF is to fund programs that aim to foster a unified campus community that is conducive to free intellectual exchange. Through the distribution of small grants, the Intellectual Community Fund promotes joint campus programs that serve the diverse student population of UC Berkeley.  Funding is allocated to student groups that cooperatively plan and advertise academic events serving multiple communities of interest.   Please visit   https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/aavpgintellectualcommunityfund or email  icf@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for ICF.     Multicultural Fund (MCF):   The Multicultural Fund provides monetary support to events introducing the campus to a culture. The program provides opportunities for student groups to hold unique and innovative events to increase campus awareness of multicultural issues. The objective of this fund is to build tolerance and appreciation for diversity by broadening students' perspectives.  Funding is allocated to student groups that organize and widely advertise cultural events.   Please visit   https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/aavpgmulticulturalfund or email   mcf@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for MCF.     Public Service Fund (PSF):   The Public Service Fund provides monetary support to increase and facilitate public service efforts targeted towards communities outside of the UC Berkeley campus. The objective of this fund is to encourage students to partake in philanthropic or humanitarian based projects. The Public Service Fund strives to develop a sense of community awareness and enrich students&rsquo; community service experiences.  Funding is allocated based on the impact the activities/events have on the targeted communities.   Please visit   https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/aavpgpublicservicefund or email   psf@asuc.org  for more information or to apply to PSF.     Greek Opportunity Fund (GOF)   The Greek Opportunity Fundprovides monetary support toempower students and chapters that are members of the Interfraternity Council (IFC), Panhellenic Council (PHC), National Pan-Hellenic Council (NPHC), or MultiCultural Greek Council (MCGC) to engage in meaningful community-based initiatives which focus on community service and philanthropy, scholarship and educational enhancement, leadership development, professional and career development, and/or health and safety, including alcohol education. Funding is allocated to fraternities and sororities that are members of IFC/PHC/NPHC/MGCG that organize philanthropic activities.   Please visit https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/asucgreekopportunityfund or email  gof@asuc.org  for more information or to apply to GOF.     Student Opportunity Travel Grant (SOTG)   The Student Opportunity Travel Grant awards grants for travel that enhances student access to valuable educational and cultural experiences beyond the classroom. The program provides opportunities for individuals and student groups to represent and further UC Berkeley's student group's influence and missions. This grantprioritizes monetary support to student organizations that represent the university on a larger platform in order to compete, build, or share knowledge at a local, state, and national level. Funding is allocated to student groups that organize and widely advertise and promote their group and UC Berkeley.   Please visit https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/sotg or email  sotg@asuc.org  for more information or to apply for SOTG.     Student Commuter Grant (SCG)   The Student Commuter Grantprovides monetary support to students who face significant cost burdens and need to park at a university facility as part of their student commute. Understanding thatthe costs of commuting impose significant burdens on students who may be already facing major pressure from high housing costs, financial needs, and/or other obligations, ASUC Academic Affairs Office will allocate monies to subsidize the cost of student parking permits for eligible commuter students with demonstrated financial need.  Funding is allocated to commuter students.   Please visit   https://callink.berkeley.edu/organization/studentcommutergrant or email   scg@asuc.org  for more information or to apply to SCG.    If you are still unsure about which grant is best suited for your event, please go to tinyurl.com/aavpgrantsto take a short 20-second survey.  For general AAVP Grants questions, please email the AAVP Grants Department Headsat aavpgrants@asuc.org.  For specific fund questions, please email the appropriate grant director listed on each fund's profile page.   
Haas Undergraduate Black Business Association	 HUBBA is an organization dedicated to helping underrepresented students achieve their professional aspirations and aiding in the undergraduate Haas application journey. 
Hispanic Engineers and Scientists	  Mission    Hispanic Engineers and Scientists of   the   University of California, Berkeley   is an organization meant to be a resource for underrepresented Latinx students in STEM as they navigate their professional/academic endeavors and achieve holistic wellness. We work towards diversifying the STEM workforce and academia through professional development workshops, networking opportunities, and community outreach.      History  HES is a student organization established in 1974 bringing together all Latinx student engineers and scientists to promote the advancement of education among underrepresented minority students and to create a support system within Berkeley academia. HES is open to all students of the UC Berkeley campus who share our devotion to the recruitment and retention of Latinx students into higher education. Throughout the year, HES engages in activities that help both members of our organization and people in our community. The unwavering dedication of our members has made our numerous outreach, recruitment, and retention programs continued successes.     
Serbian Student Organization at Berkeley - BOSS	 The Berkeley Organization of Serbian Students was formed to provide a meeting place for social i nteraction between students and professors, as well as to promote Serbian culture and traditions by hosting various events.  
WeTeach at Berkeley	"ull,""summary"":""WeTeach at Berkeley is aimed at undergrads interested in pursuing education and/or teaching as a career. The club provides opportunities for professional development, volunteering in the community, and networking with other pre-service teachers. "
Food, Equity, Entrepreneurship, & Development	 Our vision is a world where food is not wasted, where agricultural practices are sustainable, and -- most importantly -- where everyone has access to fresh, whole, nutritious foods.  Our mission is to turn this vision into reality through consulting. We serve food businesses dedicated to food access, sustainability, and community building -- and organizations eager to improve. With each organization we collaborate with, we're one step closer to realizing our vision. 
American Nuclear Society	 The American Nuclear Society is a not-for-profit, international, scientific and educational organization. It was established by a group of individuals who recognized the need to unify the professional activities within the diverse fields of nuclear science and technology. December 11, 1954, marks the Society&rsquo;s historic beginning at the National Academy of Sciences in Washington, D.C. ANS has since developed a multifarious membership composed of approximately 10,500 engineers, scientists, administrators, and educators representing 1,600 plus corporations, educational institutions, and government agencies. It is governed by three officers and a board of directors elected by the membership.   We, The Student Chapter   The American Nuclear Society (ANS) Student Branch at University of California Berkeley is a subsidiary of the National ANS. The main objectives of the ANS Student Branch is consistent with those of the National ANS, which is to promote the advancement of science and engineering relating to the atomic nucleus and of allied sciences and arts.We are formed and managed by a group of students interested to contribute toward the development of nuclear science and technology at the University of California through activities in which student members and faculty may participate.Most of us are students in the Nuclear Engineering Department but we welcome students from all backgrounds to join us. The only requirements we ask for is a desire to learn and an open-mind for new technology.  We organize events for the benefit of our own members as well as to promote understanding of nuclear technology on campus. The recent focus of this society has been to increase public awareness of the many benefits of nuclear technology and its place in our future. With the increasing threats of nuclear terrorism, our aim is to educate the public on the safety issues and responsibilities related to nuclear power generation as well as the peaceful use of nuclear materials in medical radiation as well as food processing industries.  Our student section has sent many students to the ANS national conferences over the years. In 2002, UC Berkeley-ANS sponsored the National Student Conference for ANS and the conference was a tremendous success in bringing together students from all over the country to present information on latest technology in the field and to foster interaction between like-minded current and future scientists.   Our Mission   The American Nuclear Society serves its members in their efforts to develop and safely apply nuclear science and technology for public benefit through knowledge exchange, professional development, and enhanced public understanding. 
Pilipino American Alliance	" Our Mission Statement:  ""In the ongoing attempt to serve &amp; interact with the Pilipino community, PAA stands to promote a network of social support through the encouragement of political struggle, academic excellence, and cultural awareness while celebrating cultural diversity.""   Check out our website!     http://ucbpaa.wix.com/ucbpaa         "
Learning Enterprises at Berkeley	 The organization will adopt LE&rsquo;s mission and goals, which are stated on its website ( www.learningenterprises.org ) as &ldquo;(1) fostering creativity, (2) using the English language as a means of communication, (3) cross-cultural exchange, (4) spreading the spirit of volunteerism, and (5) providing substantive and rewarding work experience for young people&rdquo;. The goals of this organization specifically will be to spread the word about LE, recruit applicants from our campus, provide support for applicants who are chosen, and ultimately send successful student volunteers around the world to teach English each summer. There will also be a focus on fundraising for the organization LE as a whole, as well as for our individual LE campus.  Learning Enterprises is an incredible non-profit organization that sends volunteers to teach English abroad during the summer. This organization will aim to recruit students to apply to an LE program abroad (we have over 10 programsin operation thissummer). After interviewing with the UC Berkeley Campus Director and a Program Director (both staff members of LE), volunteers will be selected. This organization will then train the selected volunteers on the ways of successfully teaching Englishin a different country. This training will include discussions on creating a curriculum for a summer of teaching, how a volunteer can provide additional services to his/her community (for example a service project at a volunteer's school), and how to adjust to living with a host family and experiencing a cultural immersion. On the whole, this organization wants to spread the word about LE and give students at Berkeley an opportunity to volunteer abroad in a school where English teachers are needed. The organization will also work to fundraise for LE as a whole and for the Berkeley campus of LE. 
National Organization for Women	 Berkeley NOW is a multi-issue feminist organization that seeks to raise awareness in our community about womens' issues, such as pay equity, reproductive rights and justice, economic justice, racialized and gendered violence, sexual and relationship violence, body image, and media and conscious consumerism.  The goal of Berkeley NOW is to take action to empower anyone who has, does or will identify as a woman. We recognize that all forms of marginalization are interrelated, and we strive to eliminate oppression everywhere.  Find us on social media!  Instagram: @now.berkeley  Twitter: @berkNOW  Facebook page: BNOW: Berkeley National Organization for Women   
*LEAD Center*	"ull,""summary"":""The LEAD Center supports student-centered learning and development by cultivating student leadership. We advise and empower individuals, student organizations, student government, and various other campus communities to enhance the co-curricular experien"
AAVPG - Academic Opportunity Fund	 Welcome to the  ACADEMIC OPPORTUNITY FUND  (AOF) homepage!    Fall 2019 Application Submissions will be open from  Monday September 30th at 10:00AM and closes November 15th 11:59 PM.    Please Note : You  MUST  be currently enrolled in UC Berkeley to be eligible for AOF. You may only apply for  ONE  AAVP grant per event and NO funding can be used for purchasing food, beverages, making copies, prizes for individuals, etc... AOF funding may ONLY  be used for travel-related expenses (i.e. plane tickets, gas, Uber, etc.).     TO APPLY:    You must first login (top right of screen) with your Calnet ID and Passphrase.Please answer every question as thoroughly and thoughtfully as you can.  LINK TO AOF GRANT APPLICATION  .  After filling out an application, please    click here    to sign up for a mandatory interview. You must sign-up at least  3business days  in advance. If you want to alter your interview time anytime after signing up, you must create an account. AOF interview slots willbe in 20-minute intervals on the following days:           Eshleman 540 every Wednesday ending 11/20 from 1-2 PM   We look forward to reviewing your application! If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to email us at aof@asuc.org.   **Please do not request to join organization. The invitation is for those whose applications are approved. The Grants Directors will be inviting you if that happens.   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    For more information about the Academic Opportunity Fund:     The Academic Opportunity Fund  awards grants for academic travel that enhances student access to valuable educational experiences beyond the classroom. The program provides opportunities for individuals and student groups to represent and further UC Berkeley's academic prestige and dedication to education. While most ASUC funding is restricted to on-campus activities, the Academic Opportunity Fund subsidizes off-campus academic pursuits - professional meetings, research conferences, academic competitions, and independent research.  Applications are accepted on a rolling basis by the ASUC Academic Affairs Office. Allocations are generally limited to $500 per event, though this amount may be waived under exceptional circumstances. Since all graduate and professional student fees are directed to the Graduate Assembly, undergraduates will have the highest priority for this fund, though we do encourage all students to apply. Individuals who have not received funding in the past will be given greater consideration. Applicants that have the support and guidance of a UC Berkeley faculty mentor will receive special attention. Awards are contingent upon the availability of current funds and the number of received applications. Each applicant may not apply for more than one grant for the same event.  The Committee will give the highest priority to proposals that demonstrate:   Potential for the advancement of research or the promotion of academic success  Full support and guidance of a UC Berkeley faculty mentor (includes optional statement of support)  Past history of academic achievement  Significant contribution to the student body and its academic development  Orientation toward co-curricular, academic, or professional development  Thoughtful planning with careful attention to logistical and financial details  Efforts to seek alternative funding     *AAVP grants do not fund medical volunteer trip in terms of transportation/uber/gas/lodging/registration fee. If individual students and/or organizations want funding for medical instruments and supplies for the trip, please apply through AAVP Public Service Fund. (Restrictions may be different from semester to semester)  **AOF funds professional meetings/research conferences/academic competitions/independent research, however, we prioritize out-of-state and international events. So please apply through AAVP Student Opportunity Travel Grant to increase your chance. 
Student Opportunity Fund (SOF)	" Welcome to the home page of the Student Opportunity Fund (SOF). SOF provides funds to registered student organizations for on-campus co-curricular events and activities &amp; to individual students for educational focused experiences like conferences and professional meetings.   If you are traveling, please consider applying for funding through either the   ASUC AAVP grants program  or the   Graduate Assembly .    Purpose   The SOF is designed to provide support for events/activities, both co-curricular and educational, for Cal students.  --SOF supports programs that foster a greater sense of campus community and that are conducive to free intellectual exchange. --SOF encourages more interaction and educational experiences for students outside of the classroom, such as visiting speakers, forums on topics of general interest, and special campus panel discussions.    About the Fund   Requests for SOF funds are submitted through the application on the forms taband are funded on a rolling basis only during the academic year (no deadlines).  Requestsfor both Co-Curricular and Educational Opportunities must be submitted at least two weeks prior to the first day of the event/activity &ndash; no exceptions.   1. Co-Curricular Opportunities (on-campus student events and publications)   This fund provides monetary support to collaborative events/activities planned by and for Cal students. Programs should reflect a commitment to a cause or promote a sense of community at Cal. One of the objectives of this fund is to support programs that foster a greater sense of campus community that is conducive to free intellectual exchange; advance knowledge, such as visiting speakers, forums on topics of general interest; and support the initial creation of a student publication. Additionally, this fund is designed to encourage increased interaction outside of the classroom. Students are encouraged to craft proposals that will provide opportunities for Cal students to gain valuable leadership experience and knowledge.   Funding requests are encouraged to demonstrate:   --Collaboration among multiple student groups  --Unique opportunity or experience for its participants  --Promotion of an issue/cause relevant to Cal students  --Significant contribution to the student body  --A broad view of cultural experiences and knowledge   Who can apply for these funds?   All registered student organizations are encouraged to apply.  NOTE: For anyon-campus event or activity, your organization will need to work with a LEAD Center advisor. Please visit theLEAD Center site to become more familiar with event planning guidelines and restrictions .   2. Educational Opportunities (off-campus domestic and international travel)   This fund provides support for student access to educational experiences ""beyond the classroom,"" such as to professional meetings, research conferences, and academic competitions.   Fundingrequests are encouraged to demonstrate:   --Potential for the advancement of research or the promotion of academic success --Orientation toward academic or professional development --Direct relationship to the individual's declared major, field of study, or current course load   3.   SOF Director Discretionary Funds     This year, there are one-time available funds for initiatives that have substantial campus impact. The SOF Director will review requests and if a request has substantial campus impact, the SOF Director will ask the student organization/student to meet with the SOF Director to discuss the request. The SOF Director will decide, no later than two weeks following the meeting, if additional funds will be granted    Who can apply for these funds?   All registered students are encouraged to apply.  Note: For any event/activity that conflicts with your course schedule, you will need to review the campus guidelines related to missing classes and fulfilling academic requirements.   General Guidelines   To be considered for funding, the project must:  --Demonstrate clarity of goals and thoroughness of planning. --Adhere to University policies, campus regulations, and established procedures --Provide detailed budget to support the event/activity --Include information on attempts for additional and/or alternative funding --Establish measures to prevent exclusion or alienation of any community --Co-curricular events/activities must be sponsored by a registered student organization   If funding is granted, all paperwork associated with the expenses/reimbursements   must be submitted within three (3) weeks following the event or funds will be forfeited  .       Restrictions   Funds will not be awarded for: --Proposals submitted less thantwo weeks before the start of the event/activity. --Co-curricular events and/or educational opportunities that have occurred prior to the submission of the SOF request (no retroactive applications will be accepted). --Stipends or salaries. --Political events/activities unless all sides of an issue are presented. --Religious services. --Off campus events/activities (excludes educational opportunities). --Alcohol. --On-going operating expenses. --Academic course operation expenses, including texts and readers. SOF will not provide funding for expenses related to academic courses. --Projects designed to raise funds for off-campus agencies. SOF will not provide funding for events/activities/projects in which revenue is being given to a non-campus entity or nonprofit organization. --Summer events/activities (events/activities taking place outside of the academic year). --Food and lodging associated with domestic travel. --Commuting expenses related to research or volunteer activities.  --Graduations. --Graduate school tours. --Educational opportunities occurring after June 15, 2020.  Please note:  --SOF will provide funding support to publications only once, and not on an on-going basis. --Payment checks for honoraria are paid once the event/activity is completed and all required paperwork has been properly submitted.  --On campus planned conferences should be submitted as a co-curricular opportunity and not as an educational opportunity.      Student Opportunity Fund (SOF) FAQ    Who can submit proposals?  Either registered students or registered student groups.   I notice that there are two categories for funding. Can one project qualify as both an Educational and a Co-curricular event/activity?  No.   Where can I pick up a funding request?  All funding requests must be submitted through the application towards the bottom of this page.   When are funding requests due?  Funding requests are accepted on a rolling basisduringthe academic year but must be submitted at least two weeks prior to the start of the event/activity.   Can I submit a funding request after an event/activity has passed?  No. Retroactive funding requests are not accepted. Funding requests must be submitted at least two weeks prior to the start of the event/activity.   Can I revise a request once it has been submitted?  Yes, unless the request is already under review.   When will we be notified of the selection committee's decision?  The selection committee reviews funding requests as they are submitted. If you have fully completed your funding request, you will be notified by e-mail of the committee's decision within two weeks of submitting a funding request.   How much can I receive?  Due to limited funds, the maximum amount for a Co-Curricular Opportunity is $5,000. The maximum amount for the Educational Opportunity is $2,500 for an individual.   How does the funding work?  If your request is successful, you will receive an email from the Student Opportunity Fund Committee acknowledging your award. That email will tell you how much you have been awarded and the steps that you must follow in order to obtain the funds.   Can I apply for funding for an event/activity that will be held next academic year?  No.   Can a registered student group apply for more than one event/activity in an academic year?  Yes, but please understand that funds are limited and previous requests will be taken into consideration when approving subsequent requests. SOF is not intended to be the sole funding source for your event or organization.   Do I need to have insurance for my event/activity? What about Security?  Yes, the advisors in LEAD Center can provide guidance on insurance and security requirements for campus events/activities.   Do I need to be a Registered Student Organization (RSO) in order to receive funding from the SOF?  Yes. If your group is not currently an RSO, please go to lead.berkeley.edu to learn how to become one.   Who can I contact if I have more questions?  Please email sof@berkeley.edu . We are happy to answer any questions.   Request Forms    Co-curricular Opportunities Request    Educational Opportunities Request    Additional Funding Options   Here's some additional   funding resources  to help with  co-curricular events/activities .   For  educational opportunities , check with your department, the   ASUCAcademic Opportunity Fund , the   Graduate Assembly Travel Award , and crowdfunding your trip.     You can visit the LEAD Center at 432 Eshleman Hall, 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday-Friday, or contact them at (510) 642-5171 or at lead@berkeley.edu. "
Students Organize for Syria at Berkeley	     SOS will exist as a network of students working together on projects and events nationwide. We are a student&shy; run organization and as a leader of a local chapter, you too can participate on the national level, by giving suggestions for event ideas and improvements for the organization and its future. SOS will hold unified events across the country, where students from all our campus chapters will participate simultaneously to create a large presence nationwide. In addition, local chapters are encouraged to hold their own supplemental events when SOS national is not working on a collaborative project. These efforts and events will be divided into three main categories in accordance with our mission statement.  1. Education/Awareness  2. Fundraising  3. Advocacy/Solidarity  Moving forward, we will exist as our name implies &shy;students working together, organizing themselves, for the Syrian cause. Our efforts are collaborative, meaning that we want to make sure we are constantly communicating between our local chapters and our national leadership. Our events and projects will come from your ideas and suggestions.     
Zoroastrian Student Organization	 This organization will act to unite Zoroastrians of the greater Bay area through community outreach and activates. Members of the organization will work together to further understand the origins and teachings of the Zoroastrian religion, as well as help to bring this knowledge to fellow Zoroastrians in the area. Members will also strive to establish a stronger connection between Zoroastrians in the greater Bay Area, as well as work to establish more of a community among them. We will plan and hold events for Zoroastrians, which will hopefully form a more tight-knit Zoroastrian community. These events will also provide a way for more Zoroastrians to meet each other and hopefully also provide a large networking opportunity. 
Cal Organization for Media Studies - name not approved	"ull,""summary"":""not in RSO Database"
Graduate Data Science Organization	 The Graduate Data Science Organization aims to provide resources and opportunities for graduate students and postdoctoral fellows who are interested in exploring a career in data science and, potentially, transitioning into industry.  Visit us at gdso.berkeley.edu to learn more and/or join our mailing  list .           
CALLINK TEST ORGANIZATION	 This organization is for demonstration purposes only 
Organization of Graduate Students in Digital Humanities	  The Organization of Graduate Students in Digital Humanities (GradDH) exists as a point of contact for graduate students in any field of the humanities, humanistic social sciences, or information sciences who are interested in the Digital Humanities (broadly defined). GSDH shall be interdisciplinary and autonomous from any individual department, program, or research unit, though individual members often have close ties with the DH@Berkeley Program, the Social Sciences D-Lab, Research IT, Townsend Center working groups, and other programs and groups on campus. The chief goals of GSDH are 1) to support graduate students in the acquisition and development of skills related to Digital Humanities, and 2) to support the development of a robust interdisciplinary community of DH researchers among the graduate students at UC Berkeley.  
TRENZA	" ""She who creates herself.""   For the past 23 years, TRENZA has provided a support network for the many young folks that have stepped foot on the UC Berkeley campus. Socials, parties, community events, and weekly meetings have allowed TRENZUDXS to share numerous precious memories with each other. Positive attitudes and warm smiles characterize the exemplary organization that is TRENZA. The members of this organization hold it very dear to their hearts as they remember the smiles, the ""hi's"" as you passed each other on Sproul, the laughs, the talks, the cries, the dancing, the cooking, the retreats, and those special moments that occurred when you chose to become a TRENZUDX. "
RSO - Registered Student Organization	  For Finance Committee Waivers link here      Download the ASUC Agent Handbook here  
Korean American Student Association	" The Korean American Student Association (KASA) is an organization at UC Berkeley that provides students an opportunity to experience Korean and Korean-American culture. As a club that prides itself in its social endeavors, KASA hopes to create a welcoming social group that grants students a ""home away from home."" It also aims to highlight Korean culture through various campus events, which celebrate Korean culture, discuss Korean-American identity, or offer professional development. By meeting these goals, KASA offers a holistic experience of what it means to be a Korean-American student at Cal.  "
United Nations Association of Berkeley	 UNAB is the official UC Berkeley campus chapter of the international United Nations Association. We are an advocacy-based organization dedicated to educating the students and citizens of Berkeley about pressing international issues and empowering them to take decisive action on them for lasting impact. As part of this mission, we host events and speakers, hold advocacy campaigns, and interact with the campus community, including other student organizations. We also work closely with our parent chapter, the United Nations Association, East Bay, and the broader Northern California region, e.g. on the annual Intergenerational Model United Nations (IGMUN) conference. We invite any Berkeley students to become either full members, committee members who actively engage in running the organization, or general members, interested students whom we keep in the loop about our activities. For more information, please contact us at  unaberkeley@gmail.com  or message our Facebook page. 
Hellenic Student Association at Berkeley	  The goals of the Association are:    1. To bring together people of Hellenic heritage and people interested in Hellenic culture.  2. To organize and support cultural, social and recreational events for its members, affiliates and the Berkeley community in general.  3. To keep its members and the community informed about current issues on Greece, Cyprus and the European Union.  4. To promote the spirit of Hellenism.  The Hellenic Student Association at Berkeley is not affiliated with any political parties. 
American Medical Women's Association at Berkeley	 AMWA at Berkeley is a pre-medical division branch of the National American Medical Women's Association.AMWA membership is comprised of physicians, residents, medical students, pre-medical students, health care professionals, and supporters. AMWA is the oldest multispecialty organization dedicated to advancing women in medicine and improving women&rsquo;s health.    AMWA at Berkeley aims to advance women in medicine, advocate for equity, and ensure excellence in healthcare. We are also dedicated to empowering our members to fulfill their utmost potential through volunteering, networking, professional development, hands-on clinical workshops, and community engagement. 
Anti-Trafficking Coalition at Berkeley 	 The Anti-Trafficking Coalition at Berkeley is a community of interdisciplinary students committed to fighting human trafficking and worldwide injustice. As a student organization, we hope to support and reach out to organizations that are helping the cause. We aim to raise awareness and educate the public about sex slavery, forced labor, child soldiering, and other types of human trafficking both internationally and domestically. We aim to empower others to take action to fight modern day slavery by reaching out to people from all walks of life and providing an avenue for action. Through collaboration between students, non-profit organizations, community members, people of faith, business leaders, policy makers, health professionals, artists, musicians, athletes, etc. we can take a momentous step towards the eradication of modern day slavery. Our goals do not only include raising awareness and educating others about the issue, but to also take action by working to change human trafficking legislation by starting in the state of California and by working with those who are currently employed in the prevention of human trafficking.  ( As of 2015-16 Anti-Trafficking Coalition at Berkeley  represents the communities formerly known as International Justice Mission UC Berkeley Chapter, Student Abolitionist Movement and Stop the Traffick.) 
Student Organization for Advanced Legal Studies	 The primary goal of SOALS is to facilitate the social and professional needs of advanced legal students and scholars who share similar interests and needs while studying and conducting research at Berkeley Law. Through social, professional, and academic activities, SOALS aspires to build relationships among its members and its U.S.-based and international alumni, and to share experiences on paths to practitioner and academic job placement, scholarly research, international public service, and business opportunities. 
Berkeley Chinese Students and Scholars Association	 Berkeley Chinese Students and Scholars Association (BCSSA) is a student organization registered at ASUC (Associated Students of the University of California) on Berkeley campus. We are a non-profit and non-political organization dedicated tosocial, intellectual and cultural activities for Chinese students and scholars at UC Berkeley as well as other interested members in the Berkeley community. We have nearly4000 registered members and is still in rapid growth. 
ASUC - Senate	 The 20-member ASUC Senate is the legislative branch of the student government. They control the ASUC's $12 million budget, update the governing documents, and represent the voice of UC Berkeley students. Senators work on a wide variety of issues such as campus safety, healthcare, affordability of education, and improving academic services.  ASUC Funding to student programs is allocated by the ASUC Senate. See   www.asuc.org Funding page  for a complete description of the different ways students can apply for support from the ASUC.  The ASUC Finance Committee reviews spending decisions of the ASUC Senate and Student Groups according the   ASUC By-Laws Title III . Groups seeking permission to use funds for a normally restricted use (see By-Laws) should initiate the appropriate waiver request available through the form links further down this page. 
Danza In Xochitl In Cuicatl	 The purpose of Danza In Xochitl In Cuicatl is to provide a space for students to learn and learn indigenous Mexica culture including dance, music, and history; to share this knowledge with the campus community; and to promote research on Abya Yalan indigenous cultures. For the past ten years, the calpulli (organization) has provided a space on campus for students, faculty, staff, and community members to participate in danza mexica. Our group invites other Danza and non-danza groups to participate in our calpulli. We do not exclude anyone because of race, gender, sexuality or class.    The group will continue learning and becoming part of the rich traditions of danza Mexica community in the Bay Area, as well as sharing this knowledge to the greater campus. The group aims to contribute to the production and transmission of indigenous knowledge and integrate danza into the members lifestyles and spirituality. 
Christian Science Organization at Berkeley	" Hour-long meetings include readings from the Bible and other spiritual writings, prayer, singing, and sharing. They are generally followed by an unstructured ""hangout"" time for whomever wants to join. Keep an eye out for special events!  Any and all CSO activities are open to all, and catered with the Cal community in mind. "
Confi	 Confi is a national network thatis dedicated to promote health, sexuality, mental health, and relationship issues through credible health information which de-stigmatizes sensitive topics. In essence, Confi seeks to create a safe, reliable, and approachable space to discuss women's health topics. With expert medical advice and 'big sister' guidance, Confi will be an essential campus resource, and will empower, educate, and inspire with a welcoming and cooperative community. Confi will be a resource for women (and men) on campus to learn about women's health in an approachable and interesting way. The topics in discussion will be tailored to campus culture, and will work to be a relevant and useful service to women specifically in Berkeley.   
GA Training Organization TESTING ONLY	"ull,""summary"":null,""status"":""Active"
Latinx Pre-Law Society 	 Established in the Fall semester of 2002, the purpose of the Latinx Pre-LawSociety (formally Latino Pre Law Society) is to provide a solid professional, educational, progressive, supportive, and networking foundation within the Latinx community in the legal profession, the Latinx population at UC Berkeley, and the community at large. LPLS is a non-partisan organization that focuses on a progressive agenda that prepares and empowers Latinx folks to pursue a legal education and/or career. 
Pre-Law Society at Berkeley	 The Pre-Law Society at Berkeley is an organization of undergraduate students interested in sustaining dialogue on continuous legal issues and in pursuing a legal education and career. Awareness will be fostered through hosting a variety of lectures and panels including notable Boalt alumnus, Mock LSAT exams, events on campus, discounts on LSAT Prep courses in the Berkeley area (ex. Blueprint), internship opportunities, and mentorship programs with current Boalt students are just a few of the resource provided to our members. We strive to further awareness throughout the entire UC Berkeley community by also creating an annual Undergraduate Pre-Law Journal consisting of students&rsquo; pieces discussed throughout the organizations meetings and interviews with associate members.  We wish to foster internal growth through providing each member with the opportunity to research and present contemporary legal issues at the beginning of each meeting. These topics each have the potential of being published in the annual law journal. Allowing for students to choose from an area of the legal topics allows for our organization to be broad enough to encompass all interest. We will not have interview based admissions into our organization. Instead all students are welcome to join. Larger events involving speakers will be open to the entire student body.  One of the two primary aspects that significantly distinguishes us from any other current on campus organization is that we will provide our participants with Boalt student mentors. Each mentor will be able to give each member insight into the law school experience and applying to law school. The second aspect will be to create UC Berkeley&rsquo;s first ever undergraduate law journal. Each member will pair up or individually submit pieces they present and write on each week. Any and all work that do not make it in the journal will be published on the organization&rsquo;s website. 
Cal Habitat for Humanity	  Dedicated to providing affordable housing for low-income families; we also provide other services to under-served populations in the Bay Area. We accomplish this through workdays, fundraisers and events planned by our committees:Special Events and Advocacy, Community Outreach .  We also run a decal every semester about issues in affordable housing. In addition, every semester we travel either nationally or internationally to build housing and create cross-cultural exchange.  
Technology Entrepreneurs Club at Berkeley 	 We aim to connect outstanding talents ranging from talented undergrads/grads searching career opportunities, start-up founders seeking resources, to established entrepreneurs looking for new business connections. Through the platform provided by B-TEC, members will benefit from the mutual mentoring interactions with other talents/mentors to facilitate their career development. This allows B-TEC's member to gain first-hand technology trends in the Bay Area and Asia, leading to the growth of their professional network and incubation of creative ideas that will help them succeed on the global stage.    This organization places a unique emphasis on entrepreneurships in high-tech industry including IT, healthcare, nanotechnology, biotechnology, chemical, etc. This differentiates B-TEC from other entrepreneur organizations in College of Engineering and Haas. 
